Reorganization of theory (#1138)
chaos-polymtl/lethe: doc/source/theory/multiphases/cfd_dem/unresolved_cfd-dem.rst

Reviewer: On line 41:
update `doc` link with: 
:doc:`./dem`

* :math:`\mathbf{f}''_{i}` are the remaining forces, including virtual mass, Basset, Lift, and Magnus (currently not implemented in Lethe).

.. note::

>     Since pressure in Lethe does not account for the hydrostatic pressure, i.e., the gravity term is not taken into account in the Navier-Stokes equations (see :doc:`../../multiphysics/fluid_dynamics/navier-stokes`), we explicitly insert :math:`\mathbf{f}_{Ar,i}` in :math:`\mathbf{f}_{pf,i}`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Since the pressure in Lethe does not account for the hydrostatic pressure, i.e., the gravity term is not taken into account in the Navier-Stokes equations (see :doc:`../../multiphysics/fluid_dynamics/navier-stokes`), we explicitly insert :math:`\mathbf{f}_{Ar,i}` in :math:`\mathbf{f}_{pf,i}`.
```

> In unresolved CFD-DEM, the drag force is calculated using correlations (frequently called drag models). The drag models implemented in Lethe are described in the `unresolved CFD-DEM parameters guide <https://chaos-polymtl.github.io/lethe/documentation/parameters/unresolved_cfd-dem/cfd_dem.html>`_.

Reviewer: The link was broken :)

```suggestion
In unresolved CFD-DEM, the drag force is calculated using correlations (frequently called drag models). The drag models implemented in Lethe are described in the :doc:`unresolved CFD-DEM parameters guide <../../../parameters/unresolved-cfd-dem/cfd-dem>`
```
